Update CHANGELOG (#1772)
risc0/risc0: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## Next (upcoming release)
### 🔥 Prover Performance Improvements

* Witness generation has been parallelized by adding another preflight pass.

> * Improved performance by using precomputed Merkle roots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved performance by minimizing data transfers when constructing merkle proofs.
```

* Parallelized `step_verify_bytes` function.

> * Changed `eval_check` to precomputing powers of poly_mix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed `eval_check` to use precomputed powers for poly_mix.
```
